---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-10-31T20:21:10.205Z'
dateModified: '2015-10-31T20:20:26.859Z'
title: ''
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-10-31-e9a5febb-e22d-4769-b1ce-e2871e8bedbb.md
published: true
url: e9a5febb-e22d-4769-b1ce-e2871e8bedbb/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Everyone is an athlete. Some of us just don't know it (yet).

**We offer an exceptional range of sports tailored for every type of athlete.**Why? Because confidence gained through athletics leads to better self-esteem and a positive attitude in all other aspects of student life. In a world placing increasing emphasis on specialization, Dublin is a school where an athlete can play six different sports over their four years and still act in a play or dance in our contemporary dance program.

**Whether you have played a lot of sports at a high level or not,**you are going to be asked to participate - possibly in something that you have never done before. You won't be alone in that.

That doesn't mean that you have to play soccer. Although we would love it if you did! Maybe dance is your fall sport (did they just say dance is a sport?) Maybe it's mountain biking, sailing or running. We want you to find**something to fall in love with and to be valued for**. We will support you every step of the way. Student-athletes receive exceptional one-on-one instruction with committed coaches who instill a love of the game, sportsmanship, and a good work ethic.

We focus less on results and more on process.**But don't get the impression that we don't want to win. We do.**Even in dance! We attract athletes who want to compete at a high level. At Dublin, student-athletes have that opportunity.

**Many of our finest athletes never considered themselves to be athletes before Dublin.**Or maybe they thought they were just a tennis player and discovered that they were a whole lot more. We win our share of games and championships and many of our student-athletes continue to play their favorite sport in college. But unlike others that is an outcome and not the goal.